your birthday is coming up and it's time
for you to shine this tutorial will show
you how to look glamorous on your
birthday start off with the foundation
ready face and using the cream eyeshadow
applied along your lids and brow bone
this helps create an illuminating base
for your eyeshadow warm the cream in
between your fingers
the warmth will melt the cream just a
bit so you have a smoother application
on your delicate lids using NYX
eyeshadow trio use a pearl white color
and apply it on the ball of your eyes
[Music]
and bring it up to your brow bone
using another Knicks trio palette take a
light pink color and apply it along the
outer hollows of your eyes follow the
natural contours bring the color near
the lash line think of it like a shape
of a crescent moon and sweep the color
near the bridge of your nose repeat the
same process
make sure your eyeshadow looks even
using yet another NYX eyeshadow palette
apply a rich eggplant color along the
outer corners of your eyes this will
tone down the saturated pink colors tap
the eggplant color on your lids a little
goes a long ways
[Music]
take the same pink color and apply a
deeper saturation of it along the inner
hollows of your eyes this brings in more
depth to your eyes
[Music]
using the same pearl white color apply
it in the inner corners of your eyes
[Music]
also add a sky-blue color near the
middle of the bottom lashline this
brings in a bright color on your lower
lashline without washing it out take the
eggplant color and apply it along the
lower lash line
with another NYX palette apply our
darker shade of the eggplant color and
line your eyes with it
you can always mix the eggplant color
with the black eyeshadow to achieve the
same color
avoid using black eyeliner because it
looks too harsh on the warm rich colors
you have use white eyeliner and line
your waterline to help open your eyes
more
now get your lashes ready measure it to
see if it's a perfect fit if not trim
them down get your lash glue ready and
apply an even coat of your lash glue on
your lashes apply it near your lash line
use a q-tip or blunt stick and maneuver
the lash until you have a perfect fit
repeat the same process to the other
eyes
now curl your lashes
[Music]
and apply a volumizing mascara on your
lashes
don't forget your bottom lashes
[Music]
with the foundation powder use it to
sweep away the eyeshadow fall outs near
your cheek get your blush ready and
apply it along the apples of your cheeks
smile while doing so
[Music]
and apply the blush along the face for
radiant glow apply a nude lip gloss here
I use NAR striptease
and I like to top it with NARS Turkish
Delight to give it a hint of pique
now you're finished get your hair and
tea are ready you should look like a
birthday princess happy birthday and
good luck
[Music]